Did you see that? It has an animation on
the actual page. Look, I'll build a
Minecraft. So, you just recreated
kimmy.com
with a screenshot.
Hey guys, welcome to the show. Today,
we're going to be checking out Kimmy
K2.6 is multimodal is chart topping.
It's the smartest coding model out there
at the moment and it's one trillion
parameters. Let's check it out. The
thing long horizon context coding driven
design. And actually, we're going to be
testing this feature out. We're going
taking a screenshot of a website and
seeing if it could recreate it in code
for us. Elevated agent swarm proactive
open orchestration. Boom. One trillion
parameters over there. We have uh spent
some time spent the last 12 hours
testing various quantizations of this,
making it run on a 512 GB system.
However, I do have smaller quins coming
up, so stay tuned for that in the next
video. And we're also testing it, seeing
how it compares with the cloud version,
local AI versus cloud AI. We're all
doing it on this channel. And you can
see SWE
Pro, it went to 58.6. Now, previously,
Kimmy K 2.5, which was chart topping at
the time, that one was only 50. So, they
jumped up and you can see in all of
their charts, they are up there. They're
leading that pack in humanity's last
exam. Last exam we're going to have to
take before these guys do it for us.
Browse comp topping deep search number
one. You can see that in swb bench pro
it is number one and this is an openw
weight model and they got such a good
license with this guy that if you make
more than 20 million USD or you got more
than 100 million monthly users you got
to say kimmy k 2.6 on your web
applications that you do. So that's a
very very these guys they're giving it
to the world chart topping models. So
stuff's show I'm going to jump into
infer right here and I've got four
different quantizations for the model
running locally on my Mac Studio and
I've got Vivance access tokiny.com and
we're going to be doing the same test
locally as we do online in the cloud. So
snake game HTML single file boom and I'm
going to have the instant version cuz
that's the version that I like to use. I
don't like to use thinking where I don't
have to. I just want to see the raw
results. So I've got instant kimmy 2.6
and Kimmy is up and running. So, we're
doing it okay in the cloud. And I'll
show you the local versions. A Q3
contisation. This is the default version
you get out of MLX. And that takes 450
GB in size. And this is the quality
snake game that it makes out the box.
Ready initialize. And that is beautiful.
Look at that. You got a nice little
snake. It goes up and down, moves
around, and it looks good. It's got like
that CRT kind of like display effect.
So, that's gorgeous. I like that. Next
on the Total P, we've got a Q3.6. This
is a mixed quant. So it's got some
layers high and some layers low and this
is what we got system ready and still it
looks gorgeous very very CRT heavy
design looks beautiful. So even at this
quantization you're not getting that
much loss. Now this model they provide
it as a 4bit 5.1 bit but most of the
weights are 4 bits and the fact that it
runs so well is amazing cuz some of
models are like a terabyte plus in
downloads whereas this one's only like
600 GB. So that's amazing that this
runs. So the 3.6 one that's 470 GB in
storage. So you starting to not have
that much space in context window. If
you have any other applications running
on your system, you're going to struggle
with that one. But the fact that it runs
snake, that is gorgeous. So now we're
going to switch it up. We're going to go
down to 3.4. This is an intelligent
dynamic mix. We're using the INF method
for this. And I will release one of the
INFs that I've produced. I'm going to
just make sure I release the best one.
But I've got two supreme candidates over
here. So we got a 3.4 INF and this is
Snake. So this one if in case you don't
know that one is only 440 GB. So it's
less than the other one. So start run
here again. Got snake. Can you hear
that? We got sound. This one they've
included sound. Oh, it's a nice sound.
So that's the 3.4. So I'm giving that
score and a score and the 3.5 INF
version as well. And stop. You got sound
in this one as well. Look at that.
That is cool. So, we got we got 111 on
the to. But how does the full fat
cloudskimmy.com
version run? So, that is also a great
This is the full fatkimmy K2.6 instant.
And you can see it works really well. It
doesn't have sound surprisingly. So,
that's that's surprising, but this is
what the expectation is. But, we're
going to switch it up and do harder
prompts next. And this is the Flappy 3D.
So we're going to be asking to make a 3D
version of Flappy Birds using 3JS and a
single file. Now the the the basic
quantization of three bits and that one
does not have a good perplexity. It
produced four almost 4,000 tokens. And
we can see our memory usage there was
420 Gibs. We're just under that. And our
context window is only 0.27 Gib. So we
got plenty of space in this system to
play with. And as you can see, it's got
potential, but there's clearly some
bugging issues. So, it's not working too
well when you got this extreme
quantization of three bits. So, we're
going to switch it up back to the 3.6
bit. And we can see here we've got a
flappy bird flapping away. And that is
kind of working. That looks really good.
That is There's some bugs, but that
looks gorgeous. They got the CRT effect.
It's working. You got shadows on the
screen. That is a good quantization. And
you got a score. So that worked well.
The 34 3.6 edition. I'm giving that one
a score. And it produced 4,500 tokens.
So it's not that big of a jump. And but
the thing about this model is look at
that speed. 26 tokens a second. This
model just flies. Even though it's such
a massive trillion parameter model, it
flies at this quantization. So next up,
we're going to switch it down to the 3.4
bit quantization. And I'll hit play. And
we see we got a bird here. Oh, this this
is it's gorgeous. Arguably, it looks
better, but it's too hard. I can't I
can't fit through that post. I'm going
to give it still a point because it
passed the generation, but it's just it
was just too hard. Finally, we're going
to go to the 3.5. And this one produced
4,800 tokens at 21.6 tokens a second.
Blazing fastest model. And we needed 423
gigs of memory. And we can see we got
Flappy 3D. This is crazy. It's Oh, this
is a It's hard. So, I had to take a
moment there just to play this game.
This is I made it. I love the blocky
graphics. The graphics of this one is
probably the best. Like, it's such a
cute little bird. It's definitely got a
nice artistic style and they're loving
their CRT kind of like scan line
patterns that's in the game. But you can
see there's no runtime errors over here.
No runtime errors. So, at 3.5 bit
quantization, it smashed it. So, we're
starting to see a pattern here. So, the
Q3 failed and the other ones succeeded.
Now, the cloud version. Let's see how
that one does. This one should be the
full precision 4bit weights. And look at
this. Look at this. Okay.
It's a bit mental,
but it's definitely got some potential
here. Look at the clouds. Look at the
posts. Look at Look at It's a bit fast.
It's It It could have been perfect if it
was more playable. It's It's got some
features that the other ones doesn't
have. Now, that being said, probably
with a different seed or a different
just space here and there in your
prompt, you will get a different
generation. These LLMs are crazy when
you dig into it. But you see that was
I'm going to still give that a great
generation cuz it looks gorgeous. So,
the cloud one is on that level. So, we
got these generations being made over
here. So, next up, we're going to make
it even harder, even challenging with
every single step. So, we're going to
jump in and now we're going to do a hard
one. Pretty much all the models I test,
they struggle to make this one. And this
is Meancraft 3D. And this is the Q3
version. So Meancraft, it's pumping out
the tokens. We produce 8,000 plus
tokens. It was just going away. I had to
stop it because it would just kept on
listing out all the different materials.
So the Q3 just didn't have the context
to fulfill that task. So that's a fail.
Again, a zero. Q3.6.
This is the It's still It's a mixed
quant, but it's kind of like a a native
mix quant. It's not that intelligent.
It's not doing anything special with it.
It produced 5,900 tokens at 24 tokens a
second and needed 440 gigs of memory.
So, let's just hit play. See what that
looks like. And that is gorgeous. Except
we almost had it there. That was really
You got to close the window and restart
it. That is potentially gorgeous. If it
could work, if it had the collision on
the ground, that would be gorgeous.
Maybe it's something you can just
reprompt and it will fix itself up. But
you can see there is no runtime errors.
So, it's just something in the logic
that's failing. It's not like a compile
error or anything like that. So, we're
going to switch it down to 3.4 INF. So,
that will produce 5,800 tokens at 20.9
tokens a second. And we only use 411
gigs. I know I used only for that
massive amount of memory, but it's only
in comparison to the other ones which
took an extra 20 gigs on top of that.
So, let's just see what that one looks
like. And Vau World. Oh, that looks
gorgeous. Oh, this this is a gorgeous
one. This is a G. You're going to have
to excuse my mouse because I'm remote
desktop being in the I'm remote desktop
into my Mac. So, the the cursor isn't
actually locked in. So, I have to move
it around funnly. Now, can I place down
an object? Yes, I can place Can I switch
the object?
Okay, I'm smashing the blocks away. Able
to do that. And I'm able to add in
blocks. And I'm able to even switch the
blocks. There is a bit of coherence lost
because I've selected the wooden one,
but it looks like it's made of stone
one. So that it's not 100%, but it's
definitely the most usable quantization
that we've got here. Now remember, we
are quantizing a 1 trillion parameter
model to make it work on our Mac Studio.
And we do have other qus coming soon.
We're going to try and get it to fit
into a 256 GB system that's up next. But
you can see this this one I'm going to
give that one a pass. So the previous
one I'll give it 0.5 because it rendered
something but it didn't have the
collisions. This one I'm going to be
lenient. I'm going to give this one a
one because it's good enough. I've seen
a lot of horrible models make not
horrible models. I've seen a lot of
horrible generations from some great
models. So close that one down there.
Now we're going to switch it up to 3.5
bits INF. And this one produced 8,000
tokens at 20 tokens a second with memory
use of 424 gigs of memory. So
technically we still got like a 90 plus
GB to play with in the RAM. So Voxil
verse again it's taking its sweet time
to load. So it's doing something in the
background. Yep. I can add blocks over
here. So you can also jump. So the floor
collisions are not 100% there. So I'm
going to give this one 0.75
or or should I give it 0 0.75 because at
least we didn't go completely through
the floor like the previous one. But now
it's time to switch up and see what the
CL UD Strife edition made. And
oh, what is this? We got we actually got
an error. So unfortunately, no,
the baseline model, but you can see it
looks very similar the iconry that you
do locally, but for some reason the
version that we made on the cloud
actually didn't work. So that's a that's
a first with the local one v the cloud
model. So, let's just do Minecraft 3D
and let's just try out their agent
system to see if that would make it
slightly better. And of course, you can
also use their API calls directly. If
you get if you get the the same sort of
grade team account as well, you can just
make URL calls and set the temperature
setting and all that kind of stuff to
get hopefully a better result. So, we're
going to jump back locally here while
that one builds it away and we're going
to be switching up. This is now we're
getting into a harder and harder
territory. This one is a procedural
planet generator. And if you saw the
last video we made, we even tested out
Opus 4.7 and some of the other models.
And Opus was the only one that came
close to achieving a usable result. The
mouse controls was horrible, but it got
something on the screen. So, let's just
see how Kim Key six runs. Luckily, a Q3
quantization. This is not going to work.
It produced 7,000 tokens. 24 tokens a
second. I just want to hit play to see
what happens there. And boom. As you can
see, that is not going to work. We got
runtime errors over here. So, error that
didn't f well. So, we're switching up to
3.6. Now, this is officially a 5.1 bit
model. The weights and all that stuff
calculated together. So, let's just see
what happens when you half that or half
of it in my estimation. And boom. That
one also fails. Runtime errors. It's
asking a lot to quantize it. So, we're
going to switch it over to the INF
techniques. Now, this is a 3.4. So, it
uses even less bits than the 3.6 we just
tried out. produce 8,800 tokens at 20
tokens a second and 411 jibs of memory.
So, we hit play and we got something
fantastical on the screen here. I think
it failed. Definitely a runtime error.
Yep. So, what you could probably do is
you can probably just copy that and give
it and it will reprompt it and probably
fix itself. But let's just see is there
anything salvageable? And it looks like
in this one,
oh, there is there is something
happening here. So, you can do an impact
event. So, the code is running. It's
just something's wrong with the earth
shader. So probably if you just fix
that, you just pass in this code, give
it a repro, it could probably fix
itself. But we want the find out the
purest quantization that will work. So
this 3.5 a bit one and that will produce
7,000 tokens, 20 tokens a second, 425
gigs of memory. So we hit play and
initial. We have something on the screen
and the controls are actually
controllable. So the earth is a bit too
green for my liking. So let's just
increase the water. Okay, now we're
getting a planet. That is good. You got
time of day. That's working. Can you get
an asteroid? Boom. You got an asteroid
and it created a moon or it can create a
ring. Depend. Look at that. It did them
both. So, this this is an actual great
result here. And we got the Death Star
super laser size. What's that going to
do? Something's happening. Not sure
what. So, you got different planets you
can control. So, this is definitely that
is a one. That is a win. That 3.5 bit
quantization. Maybe that's the version
I'll be uploading. It's the INF
technique. I haven't got the official
perplexity results in yet. It takes a
long time to generate the base
perplexity on the base model because I
got to stream it. And you got to use
model streaming from SSD and that takes
about one token a minute to get a decent
size token to compare with takes a long
time. So I'll spend the next probably 12
hours doing that. But we have a result
here. So that's a win. Let's see how it
does in the cloud. The procedure planet
one has printed so many tokens that it's
even added in a continue button. So, we
actually need to continue this
generation. So, I'll let those two
continue in the background. We'll switch
over to the next one in our game of
finding out which is the best. And this
one is actually a good one. I'm excited
about this one. We're not just testing
coding now. We're testing out math
thematics. So, the Q3 quantization, I
don't know. I should have just gave up
at this point. It went on a runaway
generation and it just it's going
through every single possible answer
possibly in the history of the world. So
it ate up 25,000 tokens before I just
gave up. So it's still going 22 tokens a
second is still very very fast. But I
wasn't able to get the answer in 25,000
tokens. And with 25,000 tokens is only
1.6 gibs of memory. So they even need
turbo quant with this model with Q 3.6.
However, look at this. This is determine
all the real numbers blah blah blah
blah. This is from the official
International Maths Olympiad of 2024 and
it actually got the right answers. So n
are exactly the even integers. So that
smashed out. I'm very very happy with
that that he got the right answer. And
you have to remember you have to give it
double credit because this is the
instant version. We have thinking mode
disabled. Thinking mode disabled and it
got the right answer with Q3.4. Again,
it reasoned through there's some nice
fancy formulas and all even integers.
So, that also got the right answer. 19
tokens a second that used the least
amount of memory, 411 gigs of memory and
the context window was only 0.37. So,
again, that's a great result here. The
Q3.5,
that one produced the least amount of
tokens. So, only two, that one produced
only 2,800 tokens, 21 tokens a second.
memory uses 200 423 Gibbs and it got the
right answer and this is an
international maths olympiad quantized
down. It still managed to get that
coherence. I mean with other models we
had to use like we had to use at least
four bits to get maths questions
correct. Now we've quantized it down to
three bits and it's still getting the
right answers. So that is very very
impressive. Let's jump into the cloud
see how it's doing over there. And the
answer is even integers. So the cloud
version, the full fat edition on the
cloud. Of course, it got it right. And
we're not even using Kimmy K 2.6.
Thinking the instant version of this
model is that smart. So let's now now
we've done something here. Let's see the
procedural planet generator just to play
catch up. So we got something on the
screen here. Preview.
And look at that. That is Oh, so left is
the controls are reversed. So up goes
down, down goes right. Left goes right.
Earth doesn't look so good.
time of day is a bit broken, atmosphere
and clouds. So probably with this maybe
you need to use the agent harness to get
a more perfect result or you just use
the server API calls directly and that
way you can set the temperature rather
than using this chat interface which you
know chat interfaces are normally made
for the masses who just like want
companionships online. So they're making
they keep it creative which probably
makes this creative result for the
earth. Let's just see what the other
planets look like. Oh yeah, this runtime
error. That's what's happening over
there. So, we got a run tomorrow. Can we
do an asteroid at least? We do have an
asteroid. That is a nice expect. That's
a nice beautiful explosion. So, if we
got the temperature settings, if we had
access to the temperature settings on
this interface, we probably get a better
result. But that is the situation as it
is. Let's jump back and just see how our
our Minecraft agent is keeping up and
it's still working away printing out all
the tokens. It says file created, but it
task process is still four out of eight.
So, I'm looking forward to see what this
comes out with in the end. So now we
kind of got like a leaderboard
over here and we can see that the Q3 is
really struggling on the last the last
four generations. The Q3 just got zero.
So we pretty much can discount that.
That wasn't so good. The Q3.6 is holding
its own but the the INF versions which
use less memory have produced better
results. So I'll do a little bit more
tests with these two just to see if we
can get the best result. So now with
those ones, I'm going to make it even
harder. This is the ultimate challenge.
Look at that. We produced 21,000
tokens. So we got the 3.4 versus the 3.5
now with the procedural planet generator
mixed in with a flying spaceship and
21,000 tokens were produced on both of
them. So the 3.4 also was 21,000 tokens.
So we'll hit play, see what that looks
like. The 3.4 INF edition, we have a
spaceship. Oh, look at that. Okay, we
can move. So forward goes backwards and
backwards goes forwards. We're doing a
loop the loop. The controls, they're not
the best, but you do have a camera
toggle. So you can you can't move the
spaceship, but you do have a camera
toggle and you do have a boost. And what
I'll do is I'll see if the asteroid
impact still works.
So I'm going to give this one a point
even though it's not perfect and the
controls are a bit maybe I'll give it
0.75 cuz the controls were a bit iffy on
that one. But generally, it kept the
Earth, it kept the asteroid impact, and
we're still able to generate different
worlds. So, it didn't actually break
anything down. And I can see there's no
runtime errors in this generation. So,
even though the controls are a bit off,
I'm still giving it 0.75 cuz that is a
good generation. I've seen some models,
they just completely tear down the
context. They make a completely new code
and it just has runtime errors. City.
So, we're going to now switch up to the
3.5 bit version again. And we got
spaceship here.
And let's just see if the asteroid still
works. Asteroid impact still works. And
can we change the worlds? Yep, the world
still changed. So, it's kept the context
of the original code. Now, I'm going to
enter the ship. It's got a little intro
here. Click start. We got lasers. What
is this? So, we got the ship
and it's flying around. So, left goes
left and right goes right. And we can
move with the mouse left and right. So,
this is a gorgeous. And we got nice
little after burners and we got lasers.
So, we might have just got lucky on the
seed with this one, but this is
definitely I'm giving this a one.
There's no weirdness on this one. So,
the 3.5 one is smashing it out. So,
probably if Yeah, probably I'll upload
the INF version of that one. Right now,
I am uploading the 3.6 Bitcoin. That's
just a standard quantization, but I
think I'll upload the INF edition cuz
that is definitely noticeably better
result than the version we're seeing.
And just one more test to confirm. This
is Earth from Space. This is just a
basic smaller code and that looks
gorgeous as well. So we can flying
around, go left, go right, camera views,
reset the position. So you can see the
spaceship flying around and you can
control it. So this definitely a good
version over here. Give this one a one
and a 3.4 that also has a nice spaceship
that also produced a good result. And
you got collisions. Look at that. Oh,
the controls are woes. Woo. This is the
kind of experience we had with Opus
recently when we tried making something
and the controls all just work. So this
one I'm going to give it 0 0.9 of that
one cuz it was almost perfect but the
controls lost. So definitely the 3.5 INF
edition that's the one probably the
candidate we're going to be uploading
but let's just see how the cloud version
compares. So we are Oh look at that.
Even though this is the instant
non-thinking version it looks like it's
doing some sort of agentic work. Look um
executing Python code. So, let's switch
it up. And I kind of want to do some
image analysis cuz I haven't done this
in a while. So, I fed it in CT scan.
This is meant to be some sort of brain
tumor. I just wanted to see if it'll
have like any sort of guardrails around
saying, "Hey, I'm not an AI. I'm not a
doctor." And it says it's a CT scan of
the brain. Smashed it out. And it's
given us some sort of issues.
Well-defined hyperdense lesion, right
cerebral hemisphere.
And it looks like it's a hemorrhage.
So, it even gives you a differential
diagnosis. So, I thought it'd have a
warning. Hey, I'm AI. But I guess that's
what's debatably good about these models
is there's less restrictions than you
get in some of the models. I mean, we're
adults. So, if you as long as you
confirm you're an adult and you know,
you can understand that this is not a
doctor, then then it's good because that
means that maybe this test should be a
little bit censored maybe or maybe not.
Maybe, but if you're a doctor and will
use the latest AI, maybe it's going to
help you out. So depends on the usage.
You shouldn't do this stuff for medical
just willy-nilly. But you can see that
because it's unrestricted in this
department. That means in other
departments maybe you're going to be
doing work on it won't be as restricted.
So that's good. So again differential
diagnosis 3.6 smashes out 400 tokens
there. That's was image. The 3.4 again
differential diagnosis is hemorrhage. So
it's all understanding the image. The
3.5 again same sort of stuff. It's good
that it even picked out the words on the
screen. So it's got WATC35
and it says that right at the bottom
right of the screen there. So it's able
to pick out the words and that was just
with no prompt. So if I asked it a bit
more questions, it will give me more
answers. So we can see we got some
amazing results from this. But let's
just see what the online version would
give you on top of this generation.
non-contrast axial CT scan,
intraparence
shimal hemorrhage and hyperdense bright
laser. So the same sort of results. So
these guys, they're amazing. They
released their open weights and the open
weights are very very close to the
results that you get online. And what's
great about actually the online version
is it says has that disclaimer. It says
I'm not a physician. So in that system
prompt they're probably saying hey
you're probably dealing with consumers
have that warning disclosure. So that
that's good that they've done that and
it's offering you do you want a bit more
characteristics. So both both versions
are understanding this image. That's
great. So finally I guess let's now jump
in and do some logic tests. So with Q3
the car wash is 50 m from my house.
Should I drive there or should I walk?
You should walk. Q3.6
it says you should walk. Q3.4 it says
walking is a better choice. Q3.5
says walking is the better choice. So
with non-thinking enabled, it's going to
give you some literal answers. It's not
going to do that deep thinking that it
does, but let's just see. Is it able to
actually do some deep thinking? So both
of them are running at the same time and
we're getting 15 tokens a second each.
So we've gone from 20 tokens a second to
30 tokens a second. cuz I'm thinking of
having like your own kind of like server
home kind of super computer and having
your family members or your business
just access that one computer one you're
just going to end up buying loads of
computers for each person but uh you can
kind of do that situation and with
thinking more enabled that says walking
down without your card defeats the
purpose so it it knows the answer this
is a new model that just came out
obviously knows this answer but does the
cloud version know so we're going to
copy that in so we got the instant
version. Let's see if that one fails
like we did locally. Yes, the instant
version does also fail on the cloud.
That's good. And we'll do the thinking
version. You need to drive the car. So,
they all got that question right. So,
that's really, really good. So, let's
just switch back one more time to the OK
computer that was doing Minecraft using
the agent harness. And it's preview code
version one. It's running on the screen.
Look at that. That is amazing. That is
that is a bravo. This if this this
works, that's that's amazing. Look, you
got tutorial.
I don't know what it's doing. We'll do
single player this time. So, single
player tutorial that went nowhere and
single player.
Oh, unfortunately, the rendering is just
a bit broken. It's got so much potential
though. You know what? One final test.
This is just a bonus one for you guys.
Here, I am going to take a screenshot of
this screen. Let's just see. I'll take a
screenshot of the screen. I'm going to
enable vision and I'm going to attach
that screenshot. So, Kimmy and I'll say,
can you recreate this with HTML? So, we
got local versus cloud running right
here live. Got 17 and a half tokens a
second. So, it's it never said anything.
It's got that screenshot of kimmy.com.
Recreate HTML.
It's crazy. And we can see here. Let's
hit the play button. How's Oh my Oh my
days, it's not even done yet. It's still
building this code live. 16 tokens a
second. And we we got the whole layout
of kimmy.com.
It's even recreating the text that's on
the original screen. All right. So, the
cloud version has finished computing.
The the local version still 3,500 tokens
at the moment. And uh we're using the
vision interface. Now, the vision one
isn't as optimized as the non-vision
version, and it uses just a tid more
memory because it needs to keep the
vision weights in memory. So that vision
is new. It's coming out in the latest
version of Infencer. So stay tuned for
that. I'm just giving you a preview of
it. Should be coming out in this week.
So we'll see what happens. And um the
the cloud version has finished
inferencing. So we can view it here.
Kimmy interface.
Let's just see. Look at that. Look at
that. We got Can you actually click on
it? Okay. You can't click on anything.
So this was the original screenshot I
provided. Yep. Agent is part of it.
Look. Agent. agent of the drop down
arrow slightly different. The up arrow
is slightly different, but it's pretty
much a like forl like clone A of just a
screenshot. That is amazing. And the
local one, obviously, it's running a
little bit slower here. 5,000 tokens.
Chop chop. It's making JavaScript.
It's made JavaScript. Could actually be
clickable. Let's say that. But we can
play it just to give you a preview
what's going on. And we can see, look at
that. It's got agent. It's got the
arrow. It's got drop down. It's got
agent selected over there. It's got task
process. I'll build a Minecraft for It's
done. Look. Did Did you see that? Did
you see that? It has an animation on the
actual page. Look. I'll build a
Minecraft.
Where did it Where did it just made that
up? It's all screenshot and it made that
up. Made the animation. Can you click on
these? You can't click on these. No
runtime errors. So, you just recreated
kimmy.com
with a screenshot.
All right, guys. Let me know what you
guys think of Kimmy K2.6. fix chart
topping software engineering model
vision inference LLM inference we made
some 3D generations and we even managed
to quantize it down to 3.5 bits INF
edition I'm uploading that next and the
intelligence is still there still very
very very smart and we got the cloud
version if you want extra smarts on to
use the online services just if you need
extra compute you can run it in the
cloud if you want to run it locally for
privacy reasons you can run it locally
it's a very very distributable wall
model. Let me know what you guys think.
Kimmy K2.6. Bravo. Great job. Hope you
guys found this video useful and enjoyed
the show.
That was good. I'm scared. I need to
find a new profession. I'm going to be a
brick layer. Then robots will come and
then I won't need to lay. What am I
going to do with my life? What am I
going to do?